[DOC-9058] Add --vanity-name flag to ccloud docs (#17990)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/ccloud-get-started.md

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ shell
ccloud auth login --org {organization label}
~~~

The organization label is found on the **Settings** page of the CockroachDB Cloud Console.

If your organization has a custom URL, use the `--vanity-name` flag to log in:

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ shell

> ccloud auth login --vanity-name {custom organization URL}

Reviewer: From what I can tell, the `--vanity-name` flag doesn't support the full organization URL (`https://cockroachlabs.cloud/login/acme`), but expects just the last part after `/login/` (`acme` in this example):

https://github.com/cockroachlabs/ccloud-private/blob/49beebd962ffec81e5ccac0cf0bbb5b2d0749f90/auth/auth_login.go#L81

`ccloud auth login --help` currently provides:

```
Flags:
  -h, --help                 help for login
      --no-redirect          disable redirection to a browser for login
      --org string           organization label
      --vanity-name string   vanity name, the last part of the custom URL for an org-specific login page
```

but I'm not sure what a clean way to say "the last part of the custom URL for an org-specific login page" would be 😅

Reviewer 2: Does my suggested edit resolve this?

Reviewer: Yep, that works for me.

> ccloud auth login --vanity-name {custom organization URL}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ccloud auth login --vanity-name {custom-organization-name}
```

Replace `{custom-organization-name}` with the final portion of the custom sign-in URL, after `/login/`. Do not pass the full custom sign-in URL.

> ~~~

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ shell

> ccloud auth login --org {organization label}

Reviewer 3: Just for consistency with how `custom-organization-name` is hyphenated.

```suggestion
ccloud auth login --org {organization-label}
```

~~~

The organization label is found on the **Settings** page of the CockroachDB Cloud Console.

If your organization has a custom URL, use the `--vanity-name` flag to log in:

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ shell
ccloud auth login --vanity-name {custom-organization-name}
~~~

> Replace `{custom-organization-name}` with the final portion of the custom sign-in URL, after `/login/`. Do not pass the full custom sign-in URL.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Replace `{custom-organization-name}` with the portion of the custom sign-in URL that follows `/login/`. Do not pass the full custom sign-in URL.
```
